This beggar your so-called eye let
Boy, listen to me
Tang Zichen is my woman
If you are a beggar, you will have a beggar for me.
Don't eat shit
I eat what's left on the ground
I want a woman. I have all I need
You don't deserve it.
What happened to the beggar?
You are so pretentious
I don't know.
I didn't even bother to apologize to him.
Qin Yuan, are you crazy?
He is the warden of the seven sects of Shushan
Don't bring gangsters to my lady
He's not qualified enough
How dare you offend my Shushan hooves
Qin Yuan is my man
In my sword sect's territory
People who can't tolerate you to use force
Miss Zhao Shao
The Kung Fu General Election 8 + 1 is about to start
If there is any misunderstanding, we will talk about it later.
Why is the Shushan sword so immortal?